Update README.md with new build instructions (#265)
dappforce/dappforce-subsocial-ui: README.md

### Easy start

> To start Subsocial web UI containerized (you should have `Docker` installed):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To start Subsocial web UI containerized (you should have `docker` installed):
```

```
docker run -d --rm --name subsocial-webui -p 3003:3003 dappforce/subsocial-ui:latest
```

> ### Start with docker-compose

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Start with `docker-compose`
```

> To start Subsocial web UI with a nginx supported:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This will start Subsocial web UI with an nginx support:
```

> - Proxy web UI to a port `80`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Proxy web UI to the port `80`
```

> - Proxy from `localhost/bc` to `localhost:3002` (where Polkadot JS Apps should be launched)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Proxy from `localhost/bc` to `localhost:3002` (where Polkadot.js Apps should be running)
```
